Write changelog for next release (#1438)
Akuli/porcupine: CHANGELOG.md

- The directory tree now colors file names with non-ASCII characters correctly based on their Git status. For example, when a file is `git add`ed, it will now become green regardless of its file name. In previous versions, files named e.g. `örkkiäinen.txt` were always white.
- On some systems, such as Debian 12, the font chooser in Porcupine Settings now shows more fonts than before, and doesn't show a confusing warning triangle when the default font is selected.
- In previous versions, the "Jumping to previous/next anchor cycles to end/start of file" setting didn't work when the file contained only one anchor point. Thank you [ThePhilgrim](https://github.com/ThePhilgrim) for reporting this.

Other changes:
- Porcupine no longer runs on Python 3.7.
- Ctrl+Y does redo (that is, reverting a Ctrl+Z) also on Linux. Previously Linux users needed Ctrl+Shift+Z for redo.
- Ctrl+/ now comments selected lines, somewhat similarly to typing the filetype's comment character (e.g. `#` in a Python file).

> - *Sort Lines* in the *Edit* menu now takes only the lines with the same indentation when nothing is selected. This makes it usable for sorting long Python lists and dicts, for example.

Author: ```suggestion
- *Sort Lines* in the *Edit* menu now takes only the lines with the same indentation when nothing is selected. This is convenient for sorting long Python lists and dicts.
```
